SCI Service Mapping split by language (#38057)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/source_code/service-mapping/dotnet.md

---

> title: Embed Git Information in Your .NET Build Artifacts

Reviewer: Each page title feels wordy, would help to tighten up somehow. I'd at least omit `Your` as a filler word, and shorten `Information` to `Data`. Also the main bit of distinguishing info—the language name—gets swallowed in the middle of the other words. Some possibilities:
- Embed Git Data in .NET Build Artifacts
- Java Build Artifacts and Git Data
- Python and Git Data
- Ruby: Embed Git Data

Also, add `description` frontmatter to all new pages. Claude's pretty decent at coming up with these in bulk.

Author: thanks! I added `description`s and removed "Your" from the titles

I hear you about the titles' distinguishing words, the languages, being buried in the middle. but because readers aren't actually distinguishing the pages from one another using the titles, I don't think it's a problem? that is, in the places readers _are_ picking between the pages—in the language grid on the parent page and in the left nav—they're presented with _only_ that distinguishing word

Author: also! I just added the multi-code-lang pattern to these pages, so the other languages are now pickable just above the title. check out the preview: https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/cara/DOCS-14939_SCI-service-mapping-split-by-language/source_code/service-mapping/dotnet/

Reviewer: > because readers aren't actually distinguishing the pages from one another using the titles, I don't think it's a problem

Fair point! The titles still feel long but better without "Your," and length is probably unavoidable. Descriptive titles are probably good for AI ingestion, too.

> I just added the multi-code-lang pattern

Great addition!

---

## Overview

To embed Git information in your .NET build artifacts, follow the instructions for your deployment model: [Containers](#containers), [Serverless](#serverless), or [Host](#host).

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer: Nice addition with the prereqs on every page! Should be good for AI consumption, as well as humans.

- [Datadog Agent][1] v7.35.0 or later is required.
- The .NET client library version 2.24.1 or later is required.
- Ensure that your `.pdb` files are deployed alongside your .NET assemblies (`.dll` or `.exe`) in the same folder.

## Containers

> If you are using Docker containers, you have three options: using Docker, using Microsoft SourceLink, or configuring your application with `DD_GIT_*` environment variables.
> 
> {{% collapse-content title="Option 1: Docker" level="h3" %}}
> {{% sci-docker %}}
> {{% /collapse-content %}}

Reviewer: I think the collapsers are a good solution for this content, structurally. A few details to tweak:
- Titles are visually very heavy. Skip down a level to make them look less imposing (no hard requirement to maintain heading-level hierarchy here).
- Omit numbering: `Option #` in every title makes the page look busy, and doesn't add much value (numbering is more meaningful when actual sequence/ordering matters).
- Omit totals: Counting the total options in lead-in text ("you have three options") sets up little bits of future maintenance everywhere: if we ever add or deprecate any options, we'll have to remember to update each lead-in, too. Revise to something neutral like "the following options".

```suggestion
If you are using Docker containers, you have the following options: using Docker, using Microsoft SourceLink, or configuring your application with `DD_GIT_*` environment variables.

{{% collapse-content title="Docker" level="h4" %}}
{{% sci-docker %}}
{{% /collapse-content %}}
```

<img width="774" height="862" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/566b3fe3-9d36-4133-9840-359b01eb8a4e" />

Author: ty! I've removed the "Option: n"s from the collapsibles' titles and switched the instances of "you have n options" to "you have the following options"

I'm leaving the titles as `h3`s per our conclusions in [this thread](https://dd.slack.com/archives/GGHR55PNV/p1784753433940749)!
